10.0.0 Assessment Task 5: Presentation

Due Date
Two Part Submission:
Draft Script + Storyboard: Sunday of Week 10, 11:59PM (AEDT)
- SUBMIT UNDER 10.0.0 Assessment Task 5: Presentation. SAME SUBMISSION LINK for FINAL SUBMISSION

Final video: Sunday of Week 12, 11:59PM (AEDT)
- SAME SUBMISSION LINK AS DRAFT

Length
Video: up to 5 minutes

Description
Students will produce up to a 5-minute video presentation on the key elements of their project idea from Assignment 3.
They will also be required to upload a draft highlighting script and storyboard.

The breakdown of marks for this assessment are:

Video Content 10% 
Video Length 5% 
Video Presentation Quality 5%
Note: No draft submission will result in a deduction of marks.
 

This video presentation of your Project Idea is to allow you to experience other technologies and applications, express creativity, empower the group, and produce a presentation you can be proud of showing off your desired project idea.

This can take many forms – and is reasonably flexible in terms of creativity and delivery.
Examples: News Reports, Advertisements, Interviews, Investment Funding/Product Pitch, etc. They can take on a humorous or serious presentation style (while remaining interesting, informative, and professional).
Filming, Stop Motion, Animation, Drawings, etc. are options for the medium - note that a simple presentation/voiceover will net low marks.

Not all group members (or any) need to appear in the video. The method of recording is left up to your group – you are expected to research and find a solution.


Wondering what items you might like to address?

Each project can and likely will be incredibly different, so you will have to highlight your specifics.
Perhaps areas such as the following:

- Identification / Description
- Need / Want / Users/Market
- Innovation
- Mechanics/Design

These are just suggestions sure, and each group will focus more heavily on different aspects no doubt - but I hope the above helps with your presentation content.

 

A resource you may find useful:

https://emedia.rmit.edu.au/learninglab/content/oral-presentations-basics
