This text file will contain the full 4 page document of the plans and progress of the Garden mates project

How it all began:

The origins of this project came about we thought on how many times people have killed plants because of the lack of knowledge. Usually we hear about this complaint among friends who would buy numerous potted plants and then eventually saying that they died for some unknown reason or didn’t have the time. Then they would purchase another plant and the story would then again repeat itself. This is very costly and is quite common in the average household. Many people do not know how to properly look after their plants. Even if they wanted to, it would be hard to do so, as there is quite a bit of reading to go about it in order to understand the complexity of plant growth. The project seeks to bridge the gap for average people, but also giving the choice to go deeper into agricultural studies. We believe an application, which can assist in the education and automation of gardening. 
This can be seen with reducing plant re-purchases, maintenance costs and time. Giving key resources to develop your garden further into automation by integrating with the smart home reality that society is moving towards. Where controlling key systems to tend your garden like the sprinklers, which can easily give plants what they need when you are not available. Learning how many benefits this can bring to not only the close friends we know, but to people we have not met yet. Giving us the motivation to develop this application and help change society.  


Plans and Progress half page by Shane
Originally our team was not too sure on what project to choose. We thought we would choose from one of our projects as per assignment 1 and all work on that.  Individually we could see different areas that would be of interest to us and hopefully the most valuable to the team. After our second meeting however, we realized perhaps we have bitten off more than we could chew as the project we choose had too many possibilities and too many technologies that we were not familiar with. 
After some discussion we revised together each other’s assignment 1 projects. As we are all individual our projects were all quite different. One project however did have something that we all knew something about, gardening. The member who originally used that idea for their assignment explained more to us about it and his visions for where it could go. Our team was quickly excited, and we all had lots of ideas and input as to where we could take this.
On our next meeting we all put our individual ideas forward and found commonalities between them. We now had a project and a vision of where we could take it. We went over the assignment overview together and volunteered who would look after what parts, who would work together and assign due dates to the tasks.  There was quite a lot of information that needed to be researched such as the sensors and how the sensors would talk to the application. Where some of us saw the project going in one direction such as commercial, some of us preferred to keep the project as a home-based product.
For my part of the project, for someone to take over my tasks now they would need to be continuing to assist in research, monitoring the risks and identifying new risks as they arose. Continue to monitor the testing phases, analyse the data and keep the team updated with these results.
